Extend docs and API for generation module (#3167)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/generation.rst

Generation module
=================

The :py:mod:`spikeinterface.generation` provides functions to generate recordings containing spikes,
which can be used as "ground-truth" for benchmarking spike sorting algorithms.

There are several approaches to generating such recordings.
One possibility is to generate purely synthetic recordings. Another approach is to use real
recordings and add synthetic spikes to them, to make "hybrid" recordings.
The advantage of the former is that the ground-truth is known exactly, which is useful for benchmarking.
The advantage of the latter is that the spikes are added to real noise, which can be more realistic.

For hybrid recordings, the main challenge is to generate realistic spike templates.
We therefore built an open database of templates that we have constructed from the International
Brain Laboratory - Brain Wide Map (available on
`DANDI <https://dandiarchive.org/dandiset/000409?search=IBL&page=2&sortOption=0&sortDir=-1&showDrafts=true&showEmpty=false&pos=9>`_).

> You can checkout this collection of over 600 templates from this [web app](https://spikeinterface.github.io/hybrid_template_library/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check out this collection of over 600 templates from this [web app](https://spikeinterface.github.io/hybrid_template_library/).
```

checkout -> check out
